GUVI Mission is To democratize tech education worldwide by meeting the standards of the EdTech industry. 
GUVI Vision is To shape lives by bestowing high-end tech skills to learners in their native languages and Connect the tech career aspirants with the corporate industry. GUVI CEO is Arun Prakash is an Indian entrepreneur known for his role as the founder and CEO of GUVI. 
GUVI Events is conducted All India Robotic Process Automation, with UiPath, in June 2020, to provide students an opportunity to get exposure to robotic process automation. The event included over 400 colleges across India and over 60,000 participants. 
GUVI History is was started as a YouTube channel in 2011. The channel posted video tutorials, courses, and practice materials created by Arun Prakash, Sridevi Arun Prakash, and SP Balamurugan. The videos were posted in Tamil, Telugu, and Marathi, with the goal of reaching people not fluent in English.
GUVI is an IIT-M and IIM-A incubated Ed-tech company that focuses on providing personalized learning solutions for its learners right from online learning, upskilling and recruitment opportunities in world-class quality. And, bestow tech-skills with the comfort of your native language.

About GUVI An IIT Madras-incubated company, is an online technical learning platform that has been started as a YouTube Channel by to share their technical learnings. It is working to make engineers employable by making a difference in the way they are learning. It is an integrated Edu-Tech Platform for learning. Technical video courses Technology Skills like Python Machine Learning and Java in vernacular languages such as Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi and Bengali, among others. Other courses include Android ,Python, Java , C, C++, Machine Learning, Big Data, MongoDB in vernacular languages through content created by working professionals GUVI videos have been watched by 1 Million people across the globe which motivated founders to start this as a company. Now, it is changing the way the world learns and bridging the gap between Industry and Academia.

GUVI Alumni Offer Free Skill Training to 5,000 Students from Low Income Backgrounds Alumni of IIT Madras and IIM Ahmedabad had come together to offer free skill training to 5000 students from low-income backgrounds. The startup was formed by the alumni GUVI launched a new initiative called Fly High. Under the initiative, students will have access to vernacular tech courses, mentorship services from industry experts and training in skills to make them job-ready, completely free of cost. Students with a lower socio-economic background or family income of less than Rs 3 lakhs per annum can apply for the scholarship. Students should have graduated in 2020, 2021, 2022 with a CGPA of 7 The start-up is also launching Sridevi,      Innovation Award, which carries a cash award of Rs 1 Lakh, to recognize budding women entrepreneurs with remarkable innovations in the Ed-tech industry. The award winner will be selected by an eminent panel comprising of stalwarts in the field of the EdTech industry through investing. what is GUVI an online skill acceleration and hiring platform which makes IT skilling more effective by offering technology courses like Python, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, etc. in vernacular languages Tamil, Telugu, Hindi, Kannada, Bengali. AI-based adaptive algorithm customizes and proposes the learning path based on student skill level. GUVI uses similar approach like Udacity but the path breaking difference is that, it delivers the content in vernacular languages which helps the students to learn faster and make them land in jobs. GUVI builds the coding profile for learner by tracking his learning activities and show case it to their hiring partners.

GUVI is an integrated ed-tech platform in vernacular language, having a deep penetration in India with a presence in over 1,000 engineering colleges. It has already upskilled more than 3.5 lakh engineers in latest technology skills such as Python, Java, Deep Learning and Machine Learning, among others, and helped students gain placement in IT firms. Through this five-day SKILL-A-THON, RPA will be introduced to students. The course assumes no prior knowledge of RPA and takes a use-case approach. It begins by defining a real-world, generic problem and how it can be solved in a non-RPA environment.